So this is gonna be a new
folder we're working on today.
So remember, you're gonna have to do
Heroku config set exercise equals
mobile to switch Heroku over to
serving from a different folder.
The reason it's new is cuz I've left all
of the icons in place generated for you.
All of the meta tags for
icons just need to be commented out.
The Add to Home screen library
is in place it's loading.
You'll you'll need to use it by putting
a little JavaScript at the bottom
of the body right inside
the body at the very bottom.
And so the tasks here are I want
a viewport meta tag, I want the Add
to Home screen, JavaScript library working
with appropriate Home Screen icons.
Create a manifest.json in
the mobile/projects public folder,
just a file called manifest.json.
And remember there's a meta tag you
have to add with the manifest.json.
So if you go back to my
slide on that topic,
you'll see the meta tag
is right up on top.
And then deploy it.
And just for fun, send it to your phone or
something to see if it works.
You don't even have to
send it to your phone now.
I will show you what you can do
in Chrome to make to test it out.
So if you open up your developer tools,
there's a tiny little
mobile device button here.
And when you open it, you basically
get to simulate a mobile device and
because it also simulates a user agent,
you will be able to test
out whether this
addToHomescreen thing works.
Now keep in mind after you see it once
you're gonna get that little flag and
local storage that will prevent
it from showing up again.
You can always go into Application,
Local Storage, and
delete stuff in here that pertains
to your Heroku app or local host.
It'll look like,
let's see if I can get it to work here.
I'm gonna need to switch it.
But it would be like org.cubic.addtoHome,
and then there would be some value.
So if you blow that away and
refresh, it'll start up.
And with that I have added,
definitely try on your mobile device cuz
that's the easiest way to
see the home screen icon and
to ensure that your title is what it
should be on that home screen bookmark.
So send yourself a link on your phone and
see how this works once we're all done